Add release-20230225 announcement (#41)
OpenRA/OpenRAWebsiteV3: news/_posts/2023-02-25-release-20230225.md

---
kind: article
title: "Release 20230225"
author: "PunkPun"
created_at: 2023-02-25 00:00 +0000
disqus_id: "release-20230225"
permalink: "/news/release-20230225/"
---

> Today, we have a special occasion on our hands. We have been waiting for this moment for almost two years: a new stable OpenRA [Release 20230225]({{ '/download' | relative_url }}) is out now!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, we have a special occasion on our hands. We have been waiting for this moment for almost two years: A new stable OpenRA [Release 20230225]({{ '/download' | relative_url }}) is out now!
```

<figure>
  <video autoplay loop muted>

>     <source src="{{ '/images/20230225-2023.mp4' | relative_url }}" type="video/mp4">

Reviewer 2: Broken links! (need to be /images/news/)

    <source src="{{ '/images/20230225-2023.webm' | relative_url }}" type="video/webm">
    <img src="{{ '/images/news/20230225-2023.png' | relative_url }}"/>
  </video>
</figure>

> It has been a long road to this release. It is filled both with large features, and many important smaller scale polish. For more details see the previous news posts [[one]({{ '/news/playtest-20221203/' | relative_url }}), [two]({{ '/news/playtest-20221223/' | relative_url }}), [three]({{ '/news/playtest-20230110/' | relative_url }}), [four]({{ '/news/playtest-20230218/' | relative_url }})] and, as always, in the [full changelog](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/wiki/Changelog/).

Reviewer 2: I suggest
```markdown
This release contains several major new features as well as many small-scale polish improvements. See the previous playtest news posts [[one]({{ '/news/playtest-20221203/' | relative_url }}), [two]({{ '/news/playtest-20221223/' | relative_url }}), [three]({{ '/news/playtest-20230110/' | relative_url }}), [four]({{ '/news/playtest-20230218/' | relative_url }})] for an overview, and the [full changelog](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/wiki/Changelog/) for more details.
```

> However, there is more! There has been great progress made towards supporting remastered assets. Those who have been following us on [Discord](https://discord.openra.net) may already know, we have a multiplier-compatible HD Tiberian Dawn release! In case you are interested and own a copy of the remasters, you can download it [here](https://github.com/pchote/TiberianDawnHD/releases), but do keep in mind that it is still work-in-progress and does not reflect the final product.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, there is more! There has been great progress made towards supporting remastered assets. Those who have been following us on [Discord](https://discord.openra.net) may already know, we have a multiplayer-compatible HD Tiberian Dawn release! In case you are interested and own a copy of the remasters, you can download it [here](https://github.com/pchote/TiberianDawnHD/releases), but do keep in mind that it is still work-in-progress and does not reflect the final product.
```

> However, there is more! There has been great progress made towards supporting remastered assets. Those who have been following us on [Discord](https://discord.openra.net) may already know, we have a multiplayer-compatible HD Tiberian Dawn release! In case you are interested and own a copy of the remasters, you can download it [here](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases), but do keep in mind that it is still work-in-progress and does not reflect the final product.

Reviewer 2: I suggest
```markdown
But wait, there's more! This release brings major behind-the-scenes changes towards supporting the C&C Remastered Collection assets. This project is still incomplete, but works well enough that we are today also releasing a development preview of "Tiberian Dawn HD" for [download from the GitHub project](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases/tag/release-20230225). This preview is multiplayer-compatible with the main 20230225 release, but performance, memory usage, and loading times have not been optimized, and do not reflect the expected final requirements. The C&C Remastered Collection must be installed through Steam or Origin, and the project README provides [installation instructions for macOS and Linux](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD#asset-installation).
```

Author: Do we want to give a link to a set release? I recon there's gonna be a bunch more before the next playtest

Reviewer 2: Yes - future previews won't be compatible with the release (it is too painful to backport any more engine changes to prep) so this is the one that people will want to use.

> We hope you’ll enjoy this newest installment of OpenRA! Good luck on the battlefield commanders, and have fun!

Reviewer 2: I suggest

```
It has been a long road to this release, so we hope you’ll enjoy this newest installment of OpenRA! Good luck on the battlefield commanders, and have fun!
```

> But wait, there is more! This release brings major behind-the-scenes changes towards supporting the C&C Remastered Collection assets. As a cherry on top, we are today also releasing a development preview of ["Tiberian Dawn HD"](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases/tag/release-20230225)! This preview is multiplayer-compatible with the main 20230225 release, but performance, memory usage, and loading times have not been optimized, and do not reflect the expected final requirements. The C&C Remastered Collection must be installed through Steam or Origin, and the project README provides [installation instructions for macOS and Linux](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD#asset-installation).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
But wait, there is more! This release brings major behind-the-scenes changes towards supporting the C&C Remastered Collection assets. As a cherry on top, we are today also releasing a development preview of ["Tiberian Dawn HD"](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases/tag/release-20230225)! This preview is multiplayer-compatible with the main 20230225 release, but performance, memory usage and loading times have not been optimized and do not reflect the expected final requirements. The C&C Remastered Collection must be installed through Steam or Origin, and the project README provides [installation instructions for macOS and Linux](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD#asset-installation).
```

---
kind: article
title: "Release 20230225"
author: "PunkPun"
created_at: 2023-02-25 00:00 +0000
disqus_id: "release-20230225"
permalink: "/news/release-20230225/"
---

Today we have a special occasion on our hands. We have been waiting for this moment for almost two years: A new stable OpenRA [Release 20230225]({{ '/download' | relative_url }}) is out now!

<figure>
  <video autoplay loop muted>
    <source src="{{ '/images/news/20230225-2023.mp4' | relative_url }}" type="video/mp4">
    <source src="{{ '/images/news/20230225-2023.webm' | relative_url }}" type="video/webm">
    <img src="{{ '/images/news/20230225-2023.png' | relative_url }}"/>
  </video>
</figure>

> This release contains several major new features as well as many small-scale polish improvements. For more details see the previous playtest news posts [[one]({{ '/news/playtest-20221203/' | relative_url }}), [two]({{ '/news/playtest-20221223/' | relative_url }}), [three]({{ '/news/playtest-20230110/' | relative_url }}), [four]({{ '/news/playtest-20230218/' | relative_url }})] and, as always, for a full overview - [the full changelog](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/wiki/Changelog/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains several major new features as well as many small-scale polish improvements. For more details see the previous playtest news posts [[one]({{ '/news/playtest-20221203/' | relative_url }}), [two]({{ '/news/playtest-20221223/' | relative_url }}), [three]({{ '/news/playtest-20230110/' | relative_url }}), [four]({{ '/news/playtest-20230218/' | relative_url }})] and, as always, for a full overview - [the full changelog](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/wiki/Changelog/891ab2f932fd156ebbd48773a10c139361684883).
```

> But wait, there's more! This release brings major behind-the-scenes changes towards supporting the C&C Remastered Collection assets. This support is still incomplete, but works well enough that we are today also releasing a development preview of "Tiberian Dawn HD". It is a separate release and can be [downloaded here](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases/tag/release-20230225). This preview is multiplayer-compatible with the main 20230225 release, but performance, memory usage, and loading times have not been optimized, and do not reflect the expected final requirements. The C&C Remastered Collection must be installed through Steam or Origin, and the project README provides [installation instructions for macOS and Linux](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD#asset-installation).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
But wait, there's more! This release brings major behind-the-scenes changes towards supporting the C&C Remastered Collection assets. This support is still incomplete, but works well enough that we are today also releasing a development preview of "Tiberian Dawn HD". It is a separate release and can be [downloaded here](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD/releases/tag/release-20230225). This preview is multiplayer-compatible with the main 20230225 release, but performance, memory usage and loading times have not been optimized and do not reflect the expected final requirements. The C&C Remastered Collection must be installed through Steam or Origin, and the project README provides [installation instructions for macOS and Linux](https://github.com/OpenRA/TiberianDawnHD#asset-installation).
```
Extra commas.

Author: these are optional fwiw and pchote chose them 🤷

> Incase you were wondering that we ran out of treats, worry not! Modders will also be feasting sweet this time. There were major updates to [documentation](https://docs.openra.net/en/release), all tooling received updates and [OpenRA (Mini)YAML Language Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=openra.oraide-vscode) has joined the group.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In case you were wondering if we ran out of treats, worry not! Modders will also be feasting sweet this time. There were major updates to [our documentation](https://docs.openra.net/en/release), all tooling received updates and [the OpenRA (Mini)YAML Language Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=openra.oraide-vscode) and [the OpenRA Lua API extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=openra.vscode-openra-lua) have joined the group.
```

Author: the lua extension existed for ages no?

Reviewer 4: The first version was less than an yeah and a half ago, slightly before oraide and neither has been mentioned on the website until now.

Author: That can't be right. I thought for sure I had the lua extention like 5 years ago
